adjusted BYO MI terminology in docs. (#154)
Azure/secrets-store-csi-driver-provider-azure: docs/system-assigned-msi-mode.md

This option allows azure KeyVault to use the system assigned managed identity on the k8s cluster VMSS directly.

> AKS uses system assigned managed identity as [cluster managed identity](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/use-managed-identit). This managed identity shouldn't be used to authenticate with KeyVault. You should consider [user assigned managed identity](user-assigned-msi-mode.md) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AKS uses system assigned managed identity as [cluster managed identity](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/use-managed-identity). This managed identity shouldn't be used to authenticate with KeyVault. You should consider [user assigned managed identity](user-assigned-msi-mode.md) instead.
```

> AKS uses system assigned managed identity as [cluster managed identity](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/use-managed-identit). This managed identity shouldn't be used to authenticate with KeyVault. You should consider [user assigned managed identity](user-assigned-msi-mode.md) instead.

Reviewer 2: Updated the link to add the missing trailing character in the link.

```suggestion
AKS uses system-assigned managed identity as [cluster managed identity](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/use-managed-identity). This managed identity shouldn't be used to authenticate with KeyVault. You should consider using a [user-assigned managed identity](user-assigned-msi-mode.md) instead.
```

Author: Thanks for your feedback. Just made the change.
